places for clinic today we are you know given any introduction about the book I have written the nam
e of the book is soldiers what does Shelters means I think sellers are those soldiers which are figh
ting for the companies revenue on the Frontline but they are not discussed a lot so you know I am wr
itten this book on you know highlighting the different aspect of sales and celebrating of the sales
people around the world so now I am talking about the previous of the book in my 20 years of experie
nce I have not came across a book which was very much actionable and you can start the implementatio
n really quickly all of the books you know they don't have time to write the company is doing good a
nd I have some time so I thought to write about it so I'm talking about different perspective but so
me of the principles might be you know implementable on the b2c as well but mostly this book is writ
ten from B2B perspective as we call record this book is useful for people who are starting their sal
es career in the middle of their maybe start time to start their own company because you know the pr
inciples are implementable on everyone as well and some of the principles you can apply on your in y
our personal life as well as my whole life so passionate about it so now I said this stage of my car